# Real-Time-Object-Detection-Using-TensorFlow
Object detection is a computer vision technique in which a software system can detect, locate, and trace the object from a given image or video. The special attribute about object detection is that it identifies the class of object (person, table, chair, etc.) and their location-specific coordinates in the given image. Tensorflow is an open-source library for numerical computation and large-scale machine learning that ease Google Brain TensorFlow, the process of acquiring data, training models, serving predictions, and refining future results. Tensorflow bundles together Machine Learning and Deep Learning models and algorithms and it allow developers to create a graph of computations to perform. Each node in the graph represents a mathematical operation and each connection represents data. Hence, instead of dealing with low-details like figuring out proper ways to hitch the output of one function to the input of another, the developer can focus on the overall logic of the application. Creating accurate Machine Learning Models that are capable of identifying and localizing multiple objects in a single image remained a core challenge in computer vision. But, with recent advancements in Deep Learning, Object Detection applications are easier to develop than ever before. TensorFlow’s Object Detection API is an open-source framework built on top of TensorFlow that makes it easy to construct, train, and deploy object detection models.


